Introduction:
=============

Software:
---------
	A computer's component which is not touchable and is 
used to full fill few computer oriented requirements.

Hardware:
--------
	A computer's component which can be touchable and 
used for the activation of the software components of the 
computer machine.

Catogories of Software:
------------------------
	1) System Software
	2) Application Software

1) System Software is one which can interact with the hardware resources of the computer machine and can able 
to manage the hardware resources when it is need by any 
application software.

System software can understand Machine level language and 
as well high level language.

Example:  Operating System (Windows XP,Linux etc.,)
--------

2) Application Software:
-----------------------
	A software which cannot directly communicate with the Hardware resources but is used for fullfilling certain 
comuputer requirements of the user.

	An Application software can only understand user 
provided instructions.

There are three types of Application Softwares They are

1) Window/Desktop Applications
2) Web/Internet Applications
3) Mobile Applications


1) A window Application is one which can be installed on a 
single machine and used in only that machine.It is not a sharable resource. These applications cannot be accessible 
over the network.

Ex: MS - OFFICE, ADOBE READER, VLC MEDIAPLAYER

2) Web based applications are those which are deployed on a 
server machine and can be accessible over the network to 
n - number of clients globally.
	These are also called as Distributed applications.

Ex: GMAIL, FACEBOOK , TWITTER etc.,

JAVA Programming language is much used in the development of 
Desktop or web applications but least used in the development of mobile applications

Mobile Applications:
-------------------
	An application which is used on only mobile devices 
is called as mobile Application.

Ex: Whats App, Messaging services etc.,

package:
----------
	A package is a software which consists of pre-requisite set of tools 
only used to perform certain operations, but cannot be used to develop another
application.

Ex: Ms - Office , vlc media player

Programming Language:
--------------------
	A desktop application used for the development of another application.
It allows any programmer to type few valid instructions which are understandable by the programming language software for the development of 
other softwares.

Ex: Basic , Ada , smalltalk , cobol , c , c++ , java etc.,

Program:
-----------
	Set of valid instructions understandable by any programming language is 
called as a Program

Programming languages are catogorised into three
------------------------------

1) Sequential Programming language
2) structural Programming language 
3) Object Oriented programming language

